There are hundreds thousands things I wanna say to you today but I can't fit em all in so I'll eventually tell them all throughout eternity now let me try to put some stuff into words because you deserve every attempt I could make.

Happy Birthday Sugar, 
I hope this year also treats you with kindness and brings you all kinds of fortune (ahem except me ig) along with every year to come. I love to have you as part of my life and I want you to know that you are so loved and appreciated beyond your ability to recognize.

I also want you to know that meeting you and knowing you has been one of the greatest pleasures of my life. You don't only exist in moments and memories you create them, with the way you laugh the way you care the way you show up for everyone. It all matters way more than you know

You carry something so special within you. The warmth that doesn't announce itself or be loud but fills every crevice anywhere you are. People feel it even if they don't realize it. I feel it, always and will continue to feel it.

Today is your day, Please if not for anything for me, let yourself be celebrated. You deserve to receive as much if not more love than you give. 

And I'd like to add this isn't only just for "Sugar" but also Suhani. With all her love and all her glory all her kindness all her past and all her scars. You are a gift to this world (a very good one at that) I thank your mom and dad for that. Who would've thought someone's daughter would have me celebrating them shagging right?! But here we are I'll celebrate this day along with you my love, not only for the very special occasion of you turning 19 but also the 18 years that you lived and stayed kind and amazing through I won't let them be forgotten even if I didn't know you through them. 

Everyone says that a person is lucky to be born winning the race of the millions bla bla. But the person who actually got lucky when you were born is me. And I mean that
So here's to your birthday once again my special sweet girl. Have lots of fun eat lots of cake okai bb? And don't forget your Lil prawn at the end of the day 😝

❤️❤️❤️❤️HAPPIEST BIRTHDAY SUHANIIIII I LOVE YOU SO MUCH MWAH 😋🫂😘❤️❤️❤️❤️

Ps:if anything I hope this stupid letter from me makes your day a little brighter. Please reach out to me whenever you're in a dark place darling I swear it on everything I will be there for you.